
org.ui.Main:	Start program
org.ui.Main:	Goto logging in
org.ui.admin.Logging:	Logging in
org.db.connecting.LoggingIn:	Getting data to logging in
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.connecting.LoggingIn:	Getting data to logging in
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.ui.admin.Logging:	Goto admin panel
org.ui.admin.AdminPanel:	Admin Panel
org.ui.admin.AdminPanel:	Goto show questions
org.ui.admin.ShowAll:	Showing questions
org.db.manage.Sorting:	Sorts
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.SQL:	Getting all tables names
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.manage.Deleting:	Deleting question
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.ToStrings:	Getting questions in array
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.ui.admin.AdminPanel:	Goto add questions
org.ui.admin.Manage:	Adding question
org.ui.admin.Manage:	Goto backend/string operations
org.db.manage.StringOperations:	Goto Adding
org.ui.admin.Manage:	In lambda
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.ui.admin.AdminPanel:	Goto show questions
org.ui.admin.ShowAll:	Showing questions
org.db.manage.Sorting:	Sorts
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.manage.Deleting:	Deleting question
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.ToStrings:	Getting questions in array
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.ui.admin.AdminPanel:	Goto show answers
org.ui.admin.ShowAll:	Showing answers
org.db.manage.Sorting:	Sorts
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.manage.Deleting:	Deleting question
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.ToStrings:	Getting answers in array
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.ui.admin.AdminPanel:	Goto delete question
org.ui.admin.Manage:	Deleting question
org.ui.admin.Manage:	Goto backend/deleting
org.db.manage.Deleting:	Deleting question
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.ui.admin.AdminPanel:	Goto show questions
org.ui.admin.ShowAll:	Showing questions
org.db.manage.Sorting:	Sorts
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.manage.Deleting:	Deleting question
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Gets highest id of all records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.Adding:	Adding questions
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.ToStrings:	Getting questions in array
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.db.manage.HowMany:	Counts how many records
org.db.connecting.Connect:	Getting all data from DB
org.db.connecting.Connecting:	Establishing connection to DB
org.ui.admin.AdminPanel:	Closing
org.ui.Main:	Ending
